[]
['changing their habits and hunting by day. But the daytime economy is already heavily exploited by other creatures such as birds. Given that there', 'daytime economy is already heavily exploited by other creatures such as birds. Given that there is a living to be made at night, and given that', 'other creatures such as birds. Given that there is a living to be made at night, and given that alternative daytime trades are thoroughly', 'is a living to be made at night, and given that alternative daytime trades are thoroughly occupied, natural selection has favoured bats', 'alternative daytime trades are thoroughly occupied, natural selection has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade. It is', 'occupied, natural selection has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade. It is probable that the nocturnal trades go way back in', 'that make a go of the night-hunting trade. It is probable that the nocturnal trades go way back in the ancestry of all mammals. In the time when the']
['probable that the nocturnal trades go way back in the ancestry of all mammals. In the time when the dinosaurs dominated the daytime economy, our', 'the ancestry of all mammals. In the time when the dinosaurs dominated the daytime economy, our mammalian ancestors probably only managed to', 'dinosaurs dominated the daytime economy, our mammalian ancestors probably only managed to survive at all because they found ways of', 'mammalian ancestors probably only managed to survive at all because they found ways of scraping a living at night. Only after the', 'survive at all because they found ways of scraping a living at night. Only after the mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about', 'scraping a living at night. Only after the mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago were our ancestors able to', 'mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago were our ancestors able to emerge into the daylight in any substantial']
['65 million years ago were our ancestors able to emerge into the daylight in any substantial numbers. Bats have an engineering problem: how to', 'emerge into the daylight in any substantial numbers. Bats have an engineering problem: how to find their way and find their prey in the absence', 'numbers. Bats have an engineering problem: how to find their way and find their prey in the absence of light. Bats are not the only creatures to face', 'find their way and find their prey in the absence of light. Bats are not the only creatures to face this difficulty today. Obviously the night-flying', 'of light. Bats are not the only creatures to face this difficulty today. Obviously the night-flying insects that they prey on must find their way', 'this difficulty today. Obviously the night-flying insects that they prey on must find their way about somehow. Deep-sea fish and whales have', 'insects that they prey on must find their way about somehow. Deep-sea fish and whales have little or no light by day or by night. Fish and']
['about somehow. Deep-sea fish and whales have little or no light by day or by night. Fish and dolphins that live in extremely muddy water', 'little or no light by day or by night. Fish and dolphins that live in extremely muddy water cannot see because, although there is light, it', 'dolphins that live in extremely muddy water cannot see because, although there is light, it is obstructed and scattered by the dirt in the', 'cannot see because, although there is light, it is obstructed and scattered by the dirt in the water. Plenty of other modern animals make their', 'is obstructed and scattered by the dirt in the water. Plenty of other modern animals make their living in conditions where seeing is difficult or', 'water. Plenty of other modern animals make their living in conditions where seeing is difficult or impossible.']
