[]
['I’d like to write a novel, so the story or plot would be fictional, but it would probably be influenced by some of my own experiences,', 'plot would be fictional, but it would probably be influenced by some of my own experiences, ideas and views. Unfortunately I have no idea', 'be influenced by some of my own experiences, ideas and views. Unfortunately I have no idea where to start or what my novel would be', 'ideas and views. Unfortunately I have no idea where to start or what my novel would be about, so I can’t imagine achieving this aim', 'where to start or what my novel would be about, so I can’t imagine achieving this aim until later in my life. Maybe it will be', 'about, so I can’t imagine achieving this aim until later in my life. Maybe it will be something that I do as a hobby when I retire,', 'until later in my life. Maybe it will be something that I do as a hobby when I retire, or I might suddenly be inspired to start']
['something that I do as a hobby when I retire, or I might suddenly be inspired to start writing much sooner. It’s just a vague', 'or I might suddenly be inspired to start writing much sooner. It’s just a vague objective at the moment. I think it must be', 'writing much sooner. It’s just a vague objective at the moment. I think it must be extremely difficult to find the motivation to', 'objective at the moment. I think it must be extremely difficult to find the motivation to write a novel, so more than anything I would', 'extremely difficult to find the motivation to write a novel, so more than anything I would need time, commitment and the passion to keep', 'write a novel, so more than anything I would need time, commitment and the passion to keep working until I finished. I would probably', 'need time, commitment and the passion to keep working until I finished. I would probably need to set a goal of writing for a certain']
['working until I finished. I would probably need to set a goal of writing for a certain amount of time each day, and of course I’d', 'need to set a goal of writing for a certain amount of time each day, and of course I’d need a good idea for a story in the first', 'amount of time each day, and of course I’d need a good idea for a story in the first place. This goal interests me because I’ve', 'need a good idea for a story in the first place. This goal interests me because I’ve always wondered how people manage to create a', 'place. This goal interests me because I’ve always wondered how people manage to create a work of fiction from nothing; I’ve always', 'always wondered how people manage to create a work of fiction from nothing; I’ve always wondered whether I could do the same, and', 'work of fiction from nothing; I’ve always wondered whether I could do the same, and whether I’d be capable of bringing a story to']
['wondered whether I could do the same, and whether I’d be capable of bringing a story to life. I’ve always enjoyed reading, and I’d', 'whether I’d be capable of bringing a story to life. I’ve always enjoyed reading, and I’d like to follow in the footsteps of my', 'life. I’ve always enjoyed reading, and I’d like to follow in the footsteps of my favourite authors. 8. Describe an educational', 'like to follow in the footsteps of my favourite authors. 8. Describe an educational television programme that you liked. You', 'favourite authors. 8. Describe an educational television programme that you liked. You should say what the programme was about when', 'television programme that you liked. You should say what the programme was about when and where you saw it how you found out about', 'should say what the programme was about when and where you saw it how you found out about this programme and why you liked it. I’m going']
['and where you saw it how you found out about this programme and why you liked it. I’m going to talk about one of my favourite educational', 'this programme and why you liked it. I’m going to talk about one of my favourite educational TV programmes, which is a nature documentary', 'to talk about one of my favourite educational TV programmes, which is a nature documentary called ‘Planet Earth’ There were eleven', 'TV programmes, which is a nature documentary called ‘Planet Earth’ There were eleven episodes of this programme, and each one', 'called ‘Planet Earth’ There were eleven episodes of this programme, and each one featured a different habitat on Earth, such as', 'episodes of this programme, and each one featured a different habitat on Earth, such as mountains, caves, deserts and jungles. The aim', 'featured a different habitat on Earth, such as mountains, caves, deserts and jungles. The aim of the ‘Planet Earth’ series was to take the']
['mountains, caves, deserts and jungles. The aim of the ‘Planet Earth’ series was to take the viewer into those habitats, using spectacular', 'of the ‘Planet Earth’ series was to take the viewer into those habitats, using spectacular footage of interesting animals, plants and', 'viewer into those habitats, using spectacular footage of interesting animals, plants and landscapes. I first saw ‘Planet Earth’ on', 'footage of interesting animals, plants and landscapes. I first saw ‘Planet Earth’ on television when it was broadcast by the BBC', 'landscapes. I first saw ‘Planet Earth’ on television when it was broadcast by the BBC several years ago. I think it was shown every', 'television when it was broadcast by the BBC several years ago. I think it was shown every Sunday evening, which was the perfect time to', 'several years ago. I think it was shown every Sunday evening, which was the perfect time to watch a fascinating nature programme. Then, a']
['Sunday evening, which was the perfect time to watch a fascinating nature programme. Then, a few years a ago, somebody bought me the DVD', 'watch a fascinating nature programme. Then, a few years a ago, somebody bought me the DVD box set of the whole series as a Christmas', 'few years a ago, somebody bought me the DVD box set of the whole series as a Christmas present, and I watched the episodes again. I', 'box set of the whole series as a Christmas present, and I watched the episodes again. I found out about this TV programme because it', 'present, and I watched the episodes again. I found out about this TV programme because it was advertised repeatedly in the weeks before', 'found out about this TV programme because it was advertised repeatedly in the weeks before it was first aired. The TV trailers were', 'was advertised repeatedly in the weeks before it was first aired. The TV trailers were really eye-catching because they showed']
['it was first aired. The TV trailers were really eye-catching because they showed incredibly beautiful images of nature. I also', 'really eye-catching because they showed incredibly beautiful images of nature. I also recognised the voice of the narrator of the', 'incredibly beautiful images of nature. I also recognised the voice of the narrator of the programme, the well-knownnaturalist David', 'recognised the voice of the narrator of the programme, the well-knownnaturalist David Attenborough. It was these trailers that', 'programme, the well-knownnaturalist David Attenborough. It was these trailers that persuaded me to watch the first episode. What', 'Attenborough. It was these trailers that persuaded me to watch the first episode. What I liked most about the ‘Planet Earth’ series', 'persuaded me to watch the first episode. What I liked most about the ‘Planet Earth’ series was its stunning photography and its global']
['I liked most about the ‘Planet Earth’ series was its stunning photography and its global scope. For example, in the “Fresh Water”', 'was its stunning photography and its global scope. For example, in the “Fresh Water” episode, they showed us the giant salamander', 'scope. For example, in the “Fresh Water” episode, they showed us the giant salamander in Japan, crocodiles in the river Nile, and', 'episode, they showed us the giant salamander in Japan, crocodiles in the river Nile, and river dolphins in the Amazon. I was amazed at', 'in Japan, crocodiles in the river Nile, and river dolphins in the Amazon. I was amazed at how they had managed to film such interesting', 'river dolphins in the Amazon. I was amazed at how they had managed to film such interesting creatures in so many locations. I enjoyed', 'how they had managed to film such interesting creatures in so many locations. I enjoyed learning about strange animal species, and the']
['creatures in so many locations. I enjoyed learning about strange animal species, and the programme opened my eyes to the hidden wonders', 'learning about strange animal species, and the programme opened my eyes to the hidden wonders of our planet. 9. Describe a change that you', 'programme opened my eyes to the hidden wonders of our planet. 9. Describe a change that you would like to see in your local area. You', 'of our planet. 9. Describe a change that you would like to see in your local area. You should say what the change would be who would', 'would like to see in your local area. You should say what the change would be who would be involved in making the change how it would', 'should say what the change would be who would be involved in making the change how it would be done and why you would like to see the', 'be involved in making the change how it would be done and why you would like to see the change happen. The change that I’d like to see']
['be done and why you would like to see the change happen. The change that I’d like to see in my local neighbourhood is the', 'change happen. The change that I’d like to see in my local neighbourhood is the pedestrianisation of the main shopping street', 'in my local neighbourhood is the pedestrianisation of the main shopping street in the town centre. I’d like to see traffic', 'pedestrianisation of the main shopping street in the town centre. I’d like to see traffic diverted around this area in order to make it', 'in the town centre. I’d like to see traffic diverted around this area in order to make it safer and more attractive for visitors and', 'diverted around this area in order to make it safer and more attractive for visitors and shoppers. Most of the traffic that clogs up', 'safer and more attractive for visitors and shoppers. Most of the traffic that clogs up the main street is just passing through the']
['shoppers. Most of the traffic that clogs up the main street is just passing through the town, but it’s the local people who have to', 'the main street is just passing through the town, but it’s the local people who have to put up with the congestion, noise and', 'town, but it’s the local people who have to put up with the congestion, noise and pollution. It’s the job of the local council', 'put up with the congestion, noise and pollution. It’s the job of the local council to make changes like the one I’m suggesting.', 'pollution. It’s the job of the local council to make changes like the one I’m suggesting. But before the council does anything, there', 'to make changes like the one I’m suggesting. But before the council does anything, there usually needs to be some pressure from local', 'But before the council does anything, there usually needs to be some pressure from local people to bring a problem to light. So,']
['usually needs to be some pressure from local people to bring a problem to light. So, perhaps we need a campaign by local residents', 'people to bring a problem to light. So, perhaps we need a campaign by local residents who want to see this change. Then the council', 'perhaps we need a campaign by local residents who want to see this change. Then the council might contract a town planner or an architect', 'who want to see this change. Then the council might contract a town planner or an architect to come up with some possible designs for a', 'might contract a town planner or an architect to come up with some possible designs for a new road system. I’m not sure how exactly the', 'to come up with some possible designs for a new road system. I’m not sure how exactly the process of creating a pedestrian street would', 'new road system. I’m not sure how exactly the process of creating a pedestrian street would work, but I imagine that it would require']
['process of creating a pedestrian street would work, but I imagine that it would require detailed planning. Perhaps a bypass would need', 'work, but I imagine that it would require detailed planning. Perhaps a bypass would need to be built around the town centre first. This', 'detailed planning. Perhaps a bypass would need to be built around the town centre first. This would give drivers a faster alternative to', 'to be built around the town centre first. This would give drivers a faster alternative to driving through the town, and it would allow', 'would give drivers a faster alternative to driving through the town, and it would allow the main shopping street to be blocked off and', 'driving through the town, and it would allow the main shopping street to be blocked off and pedestrianised. I’d like to see this change', 'the main shopping street to be blocked off and pedestrianised. I’d like to see this change because it would really improve the quality of']
['pedestrianised. I’d like to see this change because it would really improve the quality of life of residents in the town where I live. I', 'because it would really improve the quality of life of residents in the town where I live. I can imagine the new pedestrian street having', 'life of residents in the town where I live. I can imagine the new pedestrian street having cafes and restaurants with outdoor seating. It', 'can imagine the new pedestrian street having cafes and restaurants with outdoor seating. It would be a safer and more pleasant place for', 'cafes and restaurants with outdoor seating. It would be a safer and more pleasant place for families to go shopping, and I’m sure this', 'would be a safer and more pleasant place for families to go shopping, and I’m sure this would have a positive knock-on effect on local', 'families to go shopping, and I’m sure this would have a positive knock-on effect on local shops and businesses.']
