Bats face a unique challenge: navigating and hunting in complete darkness. As nocturnal creatures, they can’t rely on light to detect prey or avoid obstacles. One might argue that bats could simply switch to daytime activity to avoid this problem. However, the daytime environment is already crowded with competitors like birds. Since there are untapped opportunities at night and the daytime “jobs” are fully occupied, natural selection has favored bats that can succeed in the night shift.

In fact, nocturnal behavior likely dates back to the earliest mammals. During the age of dinosaurs, when reptiles ruled the daylight, our mammalian ancestors probably survived by adapting to nighttime living. Only after the dinosaurs’ mysterious extinction about 65 million years ago were mammals able to emerge and thrive in daylight.

For bats, the absence of light presents an engineering challenge: how to find their way and locate prey in the dark. They aren’t alone in this struggle. Their insect prey must also navigate at night. Similarly, deep-sea creatures, whales, and animals living in murky waters deal with little or no usable light. Even in daylight, visibility in such environments can be extremely poor due to obstacles like sediment. Many modern animals have evolved to function in conditions where sight is limited or entirely unavailable. Do you know the most interesting incident that happened between footballers? First, Casillas posted a tweet on Twitter saying, I hope you respect me, I am gay. Then, Puyol replied to this tweet saying, It's time to tell our story, Iker Casillas. But later, Iker Casillas announced that his account had been hacked. But what about Carl Puyol's response?
 Do you know the most interesting incident that happened between footballers? First, Casillas posted a tweet on Twitter saying, I hope you respect me, I am gay. Then, Puyol replied to this tweet saying, It's time to tell our story, Iker Casillas. But later, Iker Casillas announced that his account had been hacked. But what about Carl Puyol's response?

[[], ['daytime economy is already heavily exploited by other creatures such as birds. Given that there', 'other creatures such as birds. Given that there is a living to be made at night, and given that', 'is a living to be made at night, and given that alternative daytime trades are thoroughly', 'alternative daytime trades are thoroughly occupied, natural selection has favoured bats', 'occupied, natural selection has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade. It is', 'that make a go of the night-hunting trade. It is probable that the nocturnal trades go way back in', 'probable that the nocturnal trades go way back in the ancestry of all mammals. In the time when the'], ['the ancestry of all mammals. In the time when the dinosaurs dominated the daytime economy, our', 'dinosaurs dominated the daytime economy, our mammalian ancestors probably only managed to', 'mammalian ancestors probably only managed to survive at all because they found ways of', 'survive at all because they found ways of scraping a living at night. Only after the', 'scraping a living at night. Only after the mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about', 'mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago were our ancestors able to', '65 million years ago were our ancestors able to emerge into the daylight in any substantial'], ['emerge into the daylight in any substantial numbers.Bats have an engineering problem: how to', 'numbers.Bats have an engineering problem: how to find their way and find their prey in the absence', 'find their way and find their prey in the absence of light. Bats are not the only creatures to face', 'of light. Bats are not the only creatures to face this difficulty today. Obviously the night-flying', 'this difficulty today. Obviously the night-flying insects that they prey on must find their way', 'insects that they prey on must find their way about somehow. Deep-sea fish and whales have', 'about somehow. Deep-sea fish and whales have little or no light by day or by night. Fish and'], ['little or no light by day or by night. Fish and dolphins that live in extremely muddy water', 'dolphins that live in extremely muddy water cannot see because, although there is light, it', 'cannot see because, although there is light, it is obstructed and scattered by the dirt in the', 'is obstructed and scattered by the dirt in the water. Plenty of other modern animals make their', 'water. Plenty of other modern animals make their living in conditions where seeing is difficult or', 'living in conditions where seeing is difficult or impossible.']]