7. Describe a book that you enjoyed reading because you had to think a
lot.
You should say:
what this book was
why you decided to read it
what reading this book made you think about
and explain why you enjoyed reading this book.
I’m going to talk about a book that really made me think, and that has
had a positive effect on my life. The name of the book is ‘Atomic Habits’
and it’s about the compounding effect that small decisions and
minuscule changes can have on people’s lives.
I decided to read Atomic Habits after seeing an interview with the book’s
author, James Clear, who is a world-renowned expert in the field of habit
formation. In the interview, he told inspiring stories and revealed some
simple life hacks that can make people more productive, motivated and
happy. I found the whole idea of the ‘science of tiny habits’ fascinating,
and so I bought the book straight away.
While reading the book, I was forced to confront my own habits and
behaviours. I realised that I’m nowhere near as productive as I could be,
but that some small tweaks to my routine could make a significant and
long-lasting difference. The book also gave me a framework to
understand how good habits are formed and how bad habits can be
broken. It has encouraged me to analyse my own habits accordingly.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading Atomic Habits because I thought it was well
researched, well reasoned and well written. The author’s ideas and
advice aren’t simply his opinions; they are taken from cutting-edge
research and real success stories. I enjoy reading books that change my
way of thinking in some way or give me practical, life-altering ideas, and
this was definitely one of those books.

8. Describe an educational television programme that you liked.
You should say
what the programme was about
when and where you saw it
how you found out about this programme
and why you liked it.
I’m going to talk about one of my favourite educational TV
programmes, which is a nature documentary called ‘Planet Earth’
There were eleven episodes of this programme, and each one
featured a different habitat on Earth, such as mountains, caves,
deserts and jungles. The aim of the ‘Planet Earth’ series was to take
the viewer into those habitats, using spectacular footage of
interesting animals, plants and landscapes.
I first saw ‘Planet Earth’ on television when it was broadcast by the
BBC several years ago. I think it was shown every Sunday evening,
which was the perfect time to watch a fascinating nature
programme. Then, a few years a ago, somebody bought me the DVD
box set of the whole series as a Christmas present, and I watched
the episodes again.
I found out about this TV programme because it was advertised
repeatedly in the weeks before it was first aired. The TV trailers
were really eye-catching because they showed incredibly beautiful
images of nature. I also recognised the voice of the narrator of the
programme, the well-knownnaturalist David Attenborough. It was
these trailers that persuaded me to watch the first episode.
What I liked most about the ‘Planet Earth’ series was its stunning
photography and its global scope. For example, in the “Fresh Water”
episode, they showed us the giant salamander in Japan, crocodiles
in the river Nile, and river dolphins in the Amazon. I was amazed at
how they had managed to film such interesting creatures in so
many locations. I enjoyed learning about strange animal species,
and the programme opened my eyes to the hidden wonders of our
planet.

9. Describe a change that you would like to see in your local area.
You should say
what the change would be
who would be involved in making the change
how it would be done
and why you would like to see the change happen.
The change that I’d like to see in my local neighbourhood is the
pedestrianisation of the main shopping street in the town centre. I’d like
to see traffic diverted around this area in order to make it safer and
more attractive for visitors and shoppers. Most of the traffic that clogs
up the main street is just passing through the town, but it’s the local
people who have to put up with the congestion, noise and pollution.
It’s the job of the local council to make changes like the one I’m
suggesting. But before the council does anything, there usually needs to
be some pressure from local people to bring a problem to light. So,
perhaps we need a campaign by local residents who want to see this
change. Then the council might contract a town planner or an architect
to come up with some possible designs for a new road system.
I’m not sure how exactly the process of creating a pedestrian street
would work, but I imagine that it would require detailed planning.
Perhaps a bypass would need to be built around the town centre first.
This would give drivers a faster alternative to driving through the town,
and it would allow the main shopping street to be blocked off and
pedestrianised.
I’d like to see this change because it would really improve the quality of
life of residents in the town where I live. I can imagine the new
pedestrian street having cafes and restaurants with outdoor seating. It
would be a safer and more pleasant place for families to go shopping,
and I’m sure this would have a positive knock-on effect on local shops
and businesses.